<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [rain-sdk](./rain-sdk.md) &gt; [RedeemableERC20ClaimEscrow](./rain-sdk.redeemableerc20claimescrow.md) &gt; [withdraw](./rain-sdk.redeemableerc20claimescrow.withdraw.md)

## RedeemableERC20ClaimEscrow.withdraw property

The successful handover of a `deposit` to a recipient.

When a redeemable token distribution is successful the redeemable token holders are automatically and immediately eligible to `withdraw` any and all tokens previously deposited against the relevant `Sale`<!-- -->. The `withdraw` can only happen if/when the relevant `Sale` reaches the success distribution status.

Delegated `withdraw` is NOT supported. Every redeemable token holder is directly responsible for being aware of and calling `withdraw`<!-- -->. If a redeemable token holder calls `redeem` they also burn their claim on any tokens held in escrow so they MUST first call `withdraw` THEN `redeem`<!-- -->.

It is expected that the redeemable token holder knows about the tokens that they will be withdrawing. This information is NOT tracked onchain or exposed for bulk processing.

Partial `withdraw` is not supported, all tokens allocated to the caller are withdrawn. 0 amount withdrawal is an error, if the prorata share of the token being claimed is small enough to round down to 0 then the withdraw will revert.

Multiple withdrawals across multiple deposits is supported and is equivalent to a single withdraw after all relevant deposits.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
readonly withdraw: (supply: BigNumberish, overrides?: TxOverrides) => Promise<ContractTransaction>;
```
