<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [rain-sdk](./rain-sdk.md) &gt; [RedeemableERC20ClaimEscrow](./rain-sdk.redeemableerc20claimescrow.md) &gt; [deposit](./rain-sdk.redeemableerc20claimescrow.deposit.md)

## RedeemableERC20ClaimEscrow.deposit property

Any address can deposit any amount of the token`IERC20` under the `Sale`<!-- -->. The `Sale` MUST be a child of the trusted factory.

The deposit will be accounted for under both the depositor individually and the trust in aggregate. The aggregate value is used by `withdraw` and the individual value by `undeposit`<!-- -->.

The depositor is responsible for approving the token for this contract. `deposit` is still enabled after the distribution ends; `undeposit` is always allowed in case of a fail and disabled on success. Multiple `deposit` calls before and after a success result are supported. If a depositor deposits when a raise has failed they will need to undeposit it again manually.

Delegated `deposit` is not supported. Every depositor is directly responsible for every `deposit`<!-- -->.

WARNING: As `undeposit` can only be called when the `Sale` reports failure, `deposit` should only be called when the caller is sure the `Sale` will reach a clear success/fail status. For example, when a `Sale` has not yet been seeded it may never even start the raise so depositing at this point is dangerous. If the `Sale` never starts the raise it will never fail the raise either.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
readonly deposit: (amount: BigNumberish, overrides?: TxOverrides | undefined) => Promise<ContractTransaction>;
```
