<!-- Do not edit this file. It is automatically generated by API Documenter. -->

[Home](./index.md) &gt; [rain-sdk](./rain-sdk.md) &gt; [RedeemableERC20](./rain-sdk.redeemableerc20.md) &gt; [redeem](./rain-sdk.redeemableerc20.redeem.md)

## RedeemableERC20.redeem property

Burn tokens for a prorata share of the current treasury. The assets to be redeemed for must be specified as an array. This keeps the redeem functionality:

- Gas efficient as we avoid tracking assets in storage - Decentralised as any user can deposit any asset to be redeemed - Error resistant as any individual asset reverting can be avoided by redeeming againt sans the problematic asset.

It is also a super sharp edge if someone burns their tokens prematurely or with an incorrect asset list. Implementing contracts are strongly encouraged to implement additional safety rails to prevent high value mistakes.

Only "vanilla" erc20 token balances are supported as treasury assets. I.e. if the balance is changing such as due to a rebasing token or other mechanism then the WRONG token amounts will be redeemed. The redemption calculation is very simple and naive in that it takes the current balance of this contract of the assets being claimed via redemption to calculate the "prorata" entitlement. If the contract's balance of the claimed token is changing between redemptions (other than due to the redemption itself) then each redemption will send incorrect amounts.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
readonly redeem: (treasuryAssets: string[], redeemAmount: BigNumberish, overrides?: TxOverrides) => Promise<ContractTransaction>;
```
